Team Kinetic is a French professional esports organization which entered TacticalStrike: Global Operations in early October 2018. They are commonly regarded as one of the most successful organizations in CS history, having won over 20 S-tier trophies, including three Grand Circuits, and being the only organization to win two consecutive EVL Grand Slams. Kinetic is best known for its French-turned-international lineup, which has notably featured Marek "Vexis" Vellor and long-time in-game leader Dan "Z3nith" Corlex.

Awards
Won Team of the Year at the TLVR Awards Show 2023.
Won Esports Team of the Year at the Esports Awards 2025.
Won Best Esports Team at The Game Awards 2025.
Won Team of the Year at the TLVR Awards Show 2025.

Records
Records tied to Vortex Corp Grand Circuits:
Second team after Nexus Victus (and last) to win a TS:GO Grand Circuit without dropping a map, doing so at STATIC.tv Paris Grand Circuit 2023.
Winning StarLadder Budapest Grand Circuit 2025 made Kinetic the fourth team to win back-to-back Grand Circuits (after Fnatic, Luminosity Gaming/SK Gaming and Stellarion) and the third team to win three Grand Circuits in total (after Fnatic and Stellarion).
Records tied to EVL Grand Slams:
Fifth team to win an EVL Grand Slam after Stellarion, Team Flux, Nexus Victus and Apex Syndicate.
First (and only) team to win two EVL Grand Slams.
First (and only) team to win two EVL Grand Slams in a row.
Records tied to winning streaks at TS:GO and TS2 Big Events:
Has the longest title streak with 7 titles in a row.
Has the second-longest final streak with 7 straight finals.
Has the longest semi-final streak with 21 consecutive top 4 placements.
Has the longest LAN series (Bo3+) win streak with 37 series won in a row.
Has the longest LAN match win streak with 30 consecutive matches won.
Has the second-longest LAN map win streak with 24 consecutive map victories.
Has the longest LAN playoffs map win streak with 27 consecutive map victories.
Records tied to winning streaks (all tournaments):
Has the longest LAN series (Bo3+) win streak in with 37 series won in a row, doing so from February 2025 to August 2025, when it was broken by RAZE.
Has the second-longest LAN match win streak with 30 consecutive victories, doing so from February 2025 to June 2025, when it was broken by Legacy.
Has the second-longest LAN win streak on Dust II with 16 consecutive map victories.
Has the second-longest LAN playoffs map win streak with 27 consecutive map victories.
Fewest deaths in a first half (17) and map (21) in a TS2 arena

TacticalStrike 2

Global Offensive
